
********************
R717
********************

Equation of State Reference
===========================
"Eine neue Fundamentalgleichung fur Ammoniak (A new Equation of State for Ammonia)" R. Tillner-Roth and F. Harms-Watzenberg and H.D. Baehr, Deutscher Kaelte- und Klimatechnischer Verein Tagung 1993

Transport Properties Information
================================
Viscosity: "The Viscosity of Ammonia", A. Fenghour and W.A. Wakeham and V. Vesovic and J.T.R. Watson and J. Millat and E. VogelJ. Phys. Chem. Ref. Data, Vol. 24, No. 5, 1995 

Conductivity: "Thermal Conductivity of Ammonia in a LargeTemperature and Pressure Range Including the Critical Region"by R. Tufeu, D.Y. Ivanov, Y. Garrabos, B. Le Neindre, Bereicht der Bunsengesellschaft Phys. Chem. 88 (1984) 422-427

Does not include the critical enhancement.  Comparison of EES (without enhancement) and Refprop (with enhancement) give errors in saturated liquid and saturated vapor conductivities of 

T < 325K, error < 0.1%
325K < T < 355 K, error <1%

Most practical conditions will be in the <325K range
Surface tension:  Michael Kleiber and Ralph Joh, "VDI Heat Atlas 2010 Chapter D3.1 Liquids and Gases" 


Fluid Data
==========

Fluid Parameters

=========================  ==============================
Mole Mass [kg/kmol]        17.03026
Triple Point [K]           195.495
=========================  ==============================

Critical Parameters

==========================  ==============================
Temperature [K]             405.40
Density [kg/m\ :sup:`3`\ ]   225.000000
Pressure [kPa]              11333.00000
==========================  ==============================

